OEL-1283: Document upgrade for paragraphs move. (#210)
openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme: README.md

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the available versions, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme/tags).

## Upgrade from older versions

### Upgrade to 1.0.0-alpha8

#### Paragraphs migration

Paragraphs-related theming and functionality has been moved from the [OpenEuropa Bootstrap base theme](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme) to [OpenEuropa Whitelabel](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_whitelabel).

The `oe_bootstrap_theme_paragraphs` has been reduced to an empty module. It will be disabled as part of an update hook in `oe_bootstrap_theme_helper`. It will be fully removed in future versions.

> Configuration and data for these paragraph types that is already in your database will be preserved in this uninstall operation.

Author: Is this minimal enough or should we also drop the above two paragraphs?

Author: It is stuff they can figure out.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the available versions, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_bootstrap_theme/tags).

## Upgrade from older versions

### Upgrade from 1.0.0-alpha7 and earlier

> Target release: You can upgrade directly to the version that contains this README.md.

Reviewer: What does this mean? If there's nothing to do, then the line doesn't need to exist.

Author: I was thinking too far ahead.
For now we can remove this.
If in the future we need to have an upgrade in two steps, this would become "upgrade to version x first".

> #### Paragraphs migration

Reviewer 2: maybe "Upgrade to version x"

> Paragraphs-related theming and functionality has been moved from the [OpenEuropa Bootstrap base theme](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_whitelabel) to [OpenEuropa Whitelabel](https://github.com/openeuropa/oe_whitelabel).

Reviewer 2: the OEBT link is wrong

> The `oe_bootstrap_theme_paragraphs` module has been reduced to a skeleton. It will be disabled as part of an update hook in `oe_bootstrap_theme_helper`. It will be fully removed in future versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `oe_bootstrap_theme_paragraphs` has been reduced to an empty module. It will be disabled as part of an update hook in `oe_bootstrap_theme_helper`. It will be fully removed in future versions.
```

Configuration and data for these paragraph types that is already in your database will be preserved in this uninstall operation.

If you are using `openeuropa/oe_whitelabel`, and you want paragraphs functionality, you should upgrade it to `1.0.0-alpha6` or higher, and refer to the upgrade instructions found there.

> If you are _not_ using `openeuropa/oe_whitelabel`, but still want theming for paragraphs from `oe_paragraphs`, you need to replicate this functionality in custom code.

Reviewer: Let's drop this line, as it's implied by the move and the suggestion is not needed.
